Define our goals. (#11)
hober/web-extensions: charter.md

## Goals

> We will specify a model, permissions, and a common core of APIs for web
> extensions. By specifying the APIs, functionality, and permissions of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will specify a model, permissions, and a common core of APIs for WebExtensions. By specifying the APIs, functionality, and permissions of
```
